show: XFM
title: 14 September 2002
series: 02
episode: 04
date: 9-14-2002

segment:Y-Front Discussion

Song: Feeder - Come Back Around
Karl: 104.9 Xfm, er, y'alright? This is Karl, producer of Ricky Gervais and Steve Merchant, they're not about today, Ricky's on holiday, Steve couldn't be bothered, so, erm, I'm left here with all the DATs, that's Digital Audio Tape, er, of all the, all the shows they've done since they've been here, over the last, I don't know, year and half or something, so er, will play you some of the best bits, alright, so here's the first bit.
Sound effect of a tape loading
Classic link: Have You Ever Used A Y-front Properly?

segment:Tall Tales Of The Unexpected

Song: Aqualung – Strange and Beautiful
Classic link: If It Was a Chicken It Would Work
Song: Eminem – Cleaning out my closet (Clean A Capella version)

segment:Apparently, Some Lad Had A Horse In His House Or Something

Karl: Xfm 104.9, hello, I'm Karl, Ricky, Ricky Gervais and Steve aren't here, so we're, we're playing through some of the best bits, I say the best bits, er, it's the bits I came across first, I'm not wasting me time, I'm a busy man, you know what I mean? So, erm, here's another bit.
Sound effect of a tape loading
Classic link: The Horse in the House - part 1
Song: Velvet Underground – I'm Waiting For The Man.

segment:Rough Woman Looks Like Pauline Quirke

Classic link: The Horse in the House - part 2
Song: Unknown

segment:Karl's Prepared Some Quotes

Karl: Alright, this is Karl, the producer of Ricky Gervais and Stephen Merchant on Xfm 104.9, we're playing out some of the best bits, hope you're enjoying it, here's another one.
Sound effect of a tape loading
Classic link: The Way I See It
Song: Unknown

segment:Catfood Stinks Don't It

Classic link: Forrest Gump Was a Bit of a Nutter
Song: The Clash - Rock The Casbah

segment:Ricky And Karl Do A Bit Of Light Thieving

Classic link: How Many Calculators Do You Need?
Song: Cooper Temple Clause – Who Needs Enemies?

segment:Robin Ince - Lucky Boy

Classic link: Everyone Likes the Smell of Bacon
Song: I Am Kloot - To You

segment:Bacon Does Work

Song: The Strokes - Hard To Explain
Classic link: Everyone Likes the Smell of Bacon

segment:Karl Versus Mr Freeze Pop

Classic link: Mr Freeze

segment:Karl Lateral Damage

Song: Manic Street Preachers - There for the Grace of God
Karl: Alright, this is Karl, the producer of Ricky Gervais and Steve Merchant, on Xfm 104.9, we're playing out some of the best bits, hope you're enjoying it, here's another one.
Classic link: Bricks Don't Fall In Wars
Song: Suede - The Wild Ones

segment:Don't Be Joining The Army, When There's A War On

Classic link: Will It Be Horrible
Song: Bruce Springsteen - Darkness On The Edge Of Town