show: XFM
title: 28 December 2002
series: 02
episode: 19
date: 12-28-2002

segment:Forrest Gump + Wheelie Bin = Offense

Ricky: 104.9, I'm Ricky Gervais, with me Stephen Merchant.
Steve: Hello there.
Ricky: It's the 'best of', you've been voting in all week, sending in your emails, so here's the clips that you wanted.
Classic link: I've Just Nicked Five of Your DVDs

segment:A Hourse

Steve: Xfm 104.9, Ricky and I are on holiday obviously, it's Christmas time, but Karl is here in the studio, he's pressing buttons, alright Karl?
Karl: Alright?
Ricky laughs like a horse.
Sound effect of a tape loading
Classic link: The Horse in the House - part 1

segment:Chasing Cars

Song: The Velvet Underground - Waiting for the Man
Classic link: The Horse in the House - part 2

segment:Five Fingers Is Enough

Classic link: Karl's Removal Man
Classic link: I Was Watchin All This Life Goin On
Song: Alpinestars - Carbon Kid

segment:The Clues Don't Work

Ricky: Hello, you're listening to the best of, basically, Karl Pilkington.
Sound effect of a tape loading
Classic link: Wet-Knee Houston

segment:Karl Pilkington: Genius Or Fool?

Ricky: 104.9, Ricky Gervais, Steve Merchant, we're not actually here, it's the 'best of'.
Sound effect of a tape loading
Classic link: The Old Man And The Twix
Song: The Libertines - Time for Heroes

segment:Cheese Is In My Blood

Ricky: ...you've been voting in all week, sending in your emails, so here's the clips that you wanted.
Sound effect of a tape loading
Classic link: It Was the Cakes Again

segment:This Was Literally Ages Ago

Ricky: Alright, Xfm 104.9, Ricky Gervais, Steve Merchant, Karl Pilkington, not here, it's the 'best of', you've been voting in all week, sending in your emails, so here's the clips that you wanted.
Sound effect of a tape loading
Classic link: Off With His Head
Song: Richard Ashcroft - Check the Meaning

segment:Brian Blessed Shit Himself Once

Ricky: This is Xfm 104.9 I'm Ricky Gervais, with me Stephen Merchant.
Steve: Hello.
Ricky: You're listening to the best of, basically, Karl Pilkington.
Sound effect of a tape loading
Classic link: Money For Old Rope